Privacy Policy - Spotify
Skip to content
Spotify - Home
Premium plans
Premium Individual
1 account - For one person.
Premium Duo
2 accounts - For couples under one roof.
Premium Student
1 account - Discount for eligible students.
Support
Download
Sign up
Log in
Menu
Legal
Terms and Conditions of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Privacy Policy
User Guidelines
Paid Subscription Terms
Spotify Privacy Policy
Effective as of 12 June 2026
About this Policy
Your personal data rights and controls
Personal data we collect about you
Our purpose for using your personal data
Sharing your personal data
Data retention
Transfer to other countries
Keeping your personal data safe
Children
Third-Party Links
Changes to this Policy
How to contact us
1. About this Policy
This Policy describes how we process your personal data at Spotify AB.
It applies to your use of:
all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes:
your use of Spotify on any device
the personalization of your user experience
the infrastructure required to provide our services
connection of your Spotify account with another application
our free or paid streaming options (each a ‘
Service Option
’)
other Spotify services which include a link to this Privacy Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the
Community Site
.
From now on, we’ll collectively call these the ‘
Spotify Service
’.
From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They’ll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. If necessary depending on the relevant jurisdictions and regulations, any separate consent may be requested from you.
This Policy is
not
...
the Spotify
Terms of Use
, which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your rights under your agreement with us.
about your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy, such as Megaphone.
Other resources and settings
Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls:
Safety & Privacy Center
: A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics. See
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more on user rights.
Account Privacy
: Control the processing of certain personal data.
Notification Settings
: Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify.
Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as ‘Social’ or ‘Explicit Content’. On the ‘Social’ setting, you can:
start a Private session
choose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers
choose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile
turn off messaging with other users (if messaging is available in your market)
On the ‘Explicit Content’ setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account.
2. Your personal data rights and controls
Many privacy laws give rights to individuals over their personal data. These laws include the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and the Personal Information Protection Act (‘PIPA’). Accordingly we are happy to offer transparency and access controls to help users take advantage of those rights. As available, and except as limited under applicable law, please see your rights and their descriptions in this table:
It’s your right to...
How?
Be informed
Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it.
We inform you:
through this Policy
through information provided to you as you use the Spotify Service
by answering your specific questions and requests when you
contact us
Access
Request access to the personal data we process about you.
To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either:
use the ‘Download your data tool’ on your account
Account Privacy
page, or
contact us
When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under Article 15 of the GDPR, Article 35 of the PIPA, and other applicable laws. If you would like more details about how we process your personal data, you can
contact us
.
Rectification
Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
You can edit your User Data under ‘Edit profile’ in your account or
by contacting us
.
Erasure
Request that we erase certain of your personal data.
For example, you can ask us to erase personal data:
that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected for
that we process based on the
legal basis
of consent, and you withdraw your consent
There are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when:
it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for
Spotify’s interest in using the data overrides your interest in having it deleted. For example, where we need the data to protect our services from fraud
Spotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, or
Spotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account
There are several ways you can erase personal data from Spotify:
to remove audio content you have saved, select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example, you can remove a track from your playlist or an artist you’ve saved to your library
to request erasure of your account data from Spotify (and close your account), follow the steps on our
support page
. This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you
’
for any other deletion requests, you can
contact us
Restriction
Request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data.
You can do this if:
your personal data is inaccurate
our processing is unlawful
we do not need your information for a specific purpose, or
you object to our processing and we are assessing your objection request. See section ‘
Object
’ below
You can request that we stop this processing temporarily or permanently.
You can exercise your right to restriction by
contacting us
.
Object
Object to us processing your personal data.
You can choose to switch off or adjust some features which process your personal data.
To exercise your right to object you can:
use controls on Spotify Service to switch off or adjust some features which process your personal data.
Data portability
Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
You can request us to transmit your data when we are processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent or performance of contract. However, Spotify will try to honour any request to the extent possible.
For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see ‘Access’ above.
Not be subject to automated decision making
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service.
Withdrawal of consent
Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data.
You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data on the
legal basis
of consent.
To withdraw your consent, you can:
adjust the relevant control on Spotify
contact us
Lodge a complaint
Contact the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection or your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns.
You can find the Swedish Authority’s details
here
. You can also go to the website of your local data protection authority.
You may also contact the following organizations for reporting or consultation regarding personal data infringement:
Personal Information Protection Commission (PIPC):
pipc.go.kr
/ +82-2-2100-3399
Korea Internet & Security Agency (KISA) Privacy Center:
privacy.kisa.or.kr
/ 118
Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee:
kopico.go.kr
/ +82-1833-6972
Supreme Prosecutors’ Office Cyber Investigation Division:
spo.go.kr
/ +82-2-3480-3573
National Police Agency Cyber Bureau:
ecrm.cyber.go.kr
/ 182
A legal representative may request at any time to view, correct/delete, suspend the processing of, and withdraw consent to personal data. In this case, a legal representative has to contact us by using the contact information above.
3. Personal data we collect about you
These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you.
Where a data category listed below relates to a feature that is not available in your market, such category is not applicable to you.
Collected when you sign up for the Spotify Service
or when you update your account
Category
Description
Period of Retention
User Data
Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service.
The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your:
display name
email address
password
phone number
date of birth
gender
street address (see further details below)
country
estimated or confirmed age from an Age Check by a third party provider
We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page.
We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region. For more information about how we collect and use this data, see ‘Your general (non-precise) location’ in the Usage Data category.
Your personal data will be retained until you close your account or the purpose of collecting and using your personal data is achieved; provided, however, that the retention period is subject to the relevant laws.
Street Address Data
We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons:
to check eligibility for a Service Option
to deliver notices which are required by law
to deliver support options
for billing and tax administration
to deliver physical goods or gifts which you have purchased or requested
In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps.
Collected through your use of the Spotify Service
Categories
Description
Period of Retention
Usage Data
Personal data collected and processed about you when you’re accessing or using the Spotify Service.
This includes information such as:
Information about how you use Spotify
Examples:
information about your Spotify Service Option
your actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as:
search queries
streaming history
playlists you create
your library
browsing history
account settings
interactions with other Spotify users
prompts in AI powered features
transcripts
engagement with ads
your use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Service
Behavioral information and other inferences (i.e., our understanding) of your age, interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service
content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakes
content you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content
Your technical data
Examples include:
URL information
online identifiers such as
cookie data
and IP addresses
information about the devices you use such as:
device IDs
network connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)
provider
network and device performance
browser type
language
information enabling digital rights management
operating system
Spotify application version
information which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are:
devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Service
devices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installation
Spotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device
Your general (non-precise) location
Your general location includes country, region, state, or city. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency.
We need this to:
meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Service
deliver content, advertising and recommendations that are relevant to you
Your device sensor data
Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you
move or hold your device.
Cookies
To provide personalised services Spotify uses ‘cookies’ to store and process your data. A cookie is a small file which the http server for the operation of a website or application sends to the user's device browser, and may be saved to their device.
Purpose of cookies: Cookies are used to deliver content and ads to you, to understand how you interact with online content and ads, to assess the performance of our website and to personalise the content and ads that you see.
Installation, operation and rejection of the cookies: You can withdraw or modify your consent to our use of cookies at any time. If you no longer wish to receive cookies you can use your web browser settings to accept, refuse and delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the ‘Help’, ‘Tools’ or ‘Edit’ settings). If you refuse to save cookies, you may experience difficulties in using customised services.
Your personal data will be retained until you close your account or the purpose of collecting and using your personal data is achieved; provided, however, that the retention period is subject to the relevant laws.
Additional data you may choose to give us
Categories
Description
Period of Retention
Voice Data
If voice features are available in your market and you’ve chosen to use a voice feature, we collect and process voice data. Voice data means audio recordings of your voice.
Your personal data will be retained until you close your account or the purpose of collecting and using your personal data is achieved; provided, however, that the retention period is subject to the relevant laws.
Message Data
If messaging is available in your market and where you’ve chosen to use messaging, we collect and process message data. Message data means text or other content you send directly to another user.
Age Check Data
Age Check Data is the data you provide if you (i) choose to use a feature that is subject to an Age Check or (ii) are a parent or legal guardian providing parental consent for a Managed Account (“Age Check”). Examples of Age Check methods we use, which are powered by a third party provider, are:
identity document verification: a photo of your identity document is used to confirm your age. In some cases, we may also use a photo of your face to verify that your ID belongs to you
facial age estimation: a photo of your face which is used to estimate your age
All Age Check Data is deleted immediately after the Age Check.
Payment and Purchase Data
If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for certain Service Options or a trial, we will need to process your payment data.
The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as:
name
date of birth
payment method type (e.g. credit or debit card)
if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiry date, and certain digits of your card number
Note: For security, we never store your full card number
ZIP/postal code
mobile phone number
details of your purchase and payment history
Precise Location Data
Spotify will only use your precise location data with your permission. You can grant this access through the in-app pop-up and in your device settings. This information allows Spotify to offer a number of features such as better recommendations for nearby concerts and events.
Survey and Research Data
When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide.
Customer Service Data
Information about your contacts with our Customer Service, such as chat conversations and email correspondence.
We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. We may inform the data subject of the personal information, pursuant to the applicable laws, that we receive from a third party of the following: (i) the sources from which the personal data are collected; (ii) the purpose of processing personal data; and (iii) the data subjects’ right to request for suspension of processing their personal data to the extent required by the applicable laws. The below table describes the categories of those third parties.
Third party sources that we receive your data from
Categories of third parties
Description
Data categories
Period of Retention
Authentication partners
If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us.
Google: GoogleID, email address, access token.
Facebook: FacebookID, access token.
User Data
Your personal data will be retained until you close your account or the purpose of collecting and using your personal data is achieved; provided, however, that the retention period is subject to the relevant laws.
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account
If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible.
These third party apps, services or devices may include:
social media
devices including:
audio (e.g. speakers and headphones)
wearables (e.g. smart watches
televisions
mobile phones and tablets
automotive (e.g. cars)
games consoles
services or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms
We’ll ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties.
User Data
Usage Data
Technical service partners
We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state).
This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features.
We also work with technical service partners who help us protect user accounts.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment partners and Merchants
If you choose to pay through third parties or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners.
This allows us to:
send you invoices
process your payment
give you what you’ve purchased
If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artist’s merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website.
Receiving this data allows us to:
calculate any commissions owed to us
analyse the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partners
understand your interests
Payment and Purchase Data
Advertising and marketing partners
We receive data about you from certain advertising or marketing partners, including device identifiers such as hashed contact information. They also provide us with inferences, which are the partners’ understanding of your interests and preferences.
This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing, and measure their performance.
Usage Data
Acquired companies
We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings.
User Data
Usage Data
If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data.
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
The table below sets out:
our purpose for processing your personal data
our legal justifications (each called a ‘
legal basis
’) under data protection law, for each purpose
categories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you’
Where a data category listed below relates to a feature that is not available in your market, such category is not applicable to you.
Here is a general explanation of each ‘legal basis’ to help you understand the table:
Consent:
When Spotify asks you to actively indicate your agreement to Spotify’s use of your personal data for a certain purpose.
Compliance with Legal Obligations:
When Spotify must process your personal data to comply with a law.
Purpose for processing your data
Legal basis that permits the purpose
Categories of personal data used for the purpose
To provide the Spotify Service.
For example, when we use your personal data to:
set up an account for you
personalise your account including your content recommendations, or
provide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device
Consent
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Message Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To improve our personalized recommendations and to improve the Spotify experience for all users, based on precise location data (where available and explicitly permitted by you).
For example, we can provide better personalized concert and event recommendations or let you know what is trending at your specific location. What we learn from your streaming at one location, could be used to suggest similar content to other users close to that location.
Consent
Precise Location Data
To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Message Data
Customer Service Data
For marketing or promotion.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
For delivering targeted ads, depending on your account type and account settings on Spotify's Services.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
To comply with a legal obligation and law enforcement requests that we are subject to. For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes.
This might be:
an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in
Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or
EU law that applies to us
Compliance with legal obligations
We may disclose personal information to competent authorities where required to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or lawful requests.
The categories of personal information disclosed will vary depending on the nature of the request and may include account information, contact details, usage information, communications data, transaction information, and other information relevant to the request.
To fulfil contractual obligations with third parties. For example, when we provide pseudonymised data about our users’ listening because we
have an agreement with owners of
content on a Spotify rightsholder to do so.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To detect, investigate and take appropriate action on reports inappropriate content or violations of our Terms of Use or other Spotify terms, policies, rules or guidelines.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Message Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Customer Service Data
To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
For example, if we are involved in litigation and we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case.
Consent
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Message Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
Customer Service Data
To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.
For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To process your payment. For example, when we use your
personal data to let you purchase a
Spotify subscription.
Consent
User Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Street Address Data
To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud.
For example, when we analyse Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service.
Consent
User Data
Street Address Data
Message Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Customer Service Data
To conduct research and surveys.
For example, when we contact our
users to ask for your feedback.
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
Voice Data
Survey and Research Data
5. Sharing/providing your personal data
This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service.
Information available to other Spotify users
The following personal data is available to other Spotify users:
your profile name
your profile photo, if you choose to upload one
your public playlists, and any associated titles, descriptions and images
other content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images
the number of people who you follow and the number of people who follow you on the Spotify Service (the profiles of those people may be visible depending on your settings)
You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes:
your profile
any content you post on Spotify and details about that content
your playlists and any associated titles, descriptions and images
When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features.
Spotify Connect
After you have created a Spotify account you may choose to connect it to a compatible device over wi-fi. You may choose to connect Spotify via wi-fi to an integrated device such as a speaker, tv, a car, or even a fridge. This is called Spotify ‘Connect’. You may choose to ‘Connect’ to other devices, and may share your data by doing so.
Personal data you may choose to share / provide to a third party
We will only share the following personal data with those outlined in the table below:
where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to share personal data to enable this, or
if you otherwise grant us your permission to share the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent
Categories of recipients
Reason for sharing
The period of use and retention of the data by the third party
The items of personal data to be provided to the third party
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify Account
You can review a list of the Third Party apps you have granted access to your Spotify account (if any)
here
.
To connect your Spotify account to third party services which may request or require that we share information about you with them, pursuant to your choice.
Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include: social media applications, speaker devices, televisions, automotive platforms, or voice assistants, which interact with the Spotify Service.
You can see and remove many third party connections under ‘
Apps
’ in your account.
We will only share your data where you choose to connect your Spotify account to a third party application or device. Your consent will always be requested before we provide your information to such third parties.
Third Parties use and retain the data until the purposes of the use have been achieved (or until cancellation/termination of subscription by the user).
You will be informed about which User Data and Usage Data the third party will receive at the point where you choose to connect your account. It may differ slightly depending on the third party application, but may include: information about what you are currently playing and your connected devices, email address, username, information about your playlists or library, information about your subscription details, artists you follow, your followers, recently played and top tracks. For more information about how these third party applications and devices will handle your data, such as whether they will transfer it overseas or for how long they will retain it, please see the privacy policy of the application or device you are choosing to connect with.
The following record label partners:
Warner Music Inc.Warner Music Inc. and WEA International Inc. 1633 Broadway, New York, New York 10019
Warner Music International Services Ltd.27 Wrights LaneLondon, England W8 5SW
UMG Recordings Services Inc.2220 Colorado Avenue, Santa Monica, California, 90404-4506, USA
Universal International Music, B.V.Gravelandseweg 80 NL – 1217 EW Hilversum, The Netherlands
Sony Music Entertainment25 Madison AvenueNew York, NY 10010
To receive news or promotional offers directly from artists, record labels or other partners.
You may choose to share personal data (for example, your email address) for this purpose. You’ll always have the option to change your mind and
withdraw your consent at any time
.
Only if you choose to share your account registration data with the record labels, we will share your data when you sign up for Spotify via transmission over the network at the time of service.You will always have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time in your account settings. Third Parties use and retain the data until the purposes of the use have been achieved (or until cancellation/termination of subscription by the user).
Account registration data
Information we may share
See this table for details of who we share to and why.
Categories of recipients
Reason for sharing
Spotify service providers listed at
this link
We work with service providers that work on our behalf which may need access to certain personal data in order to provide their services to us. We have listed the work performed by each service provider at
this link
. Please see
Section 7 ‘Transfer to other countries & entrustment'
of this policy for more information about these service providers.
Other Spotify group companies
Our group companies may process your data on our behalf. We have listed the work performed by the Spotify group companies at
this link
. Please see
Section 7 'Transfer to other countries & entrustment'
of this policy for more information about these service providers.
Spotify partners
Depending on how you sign up for the Spotify Service (e.g. through a bundle deal with a mobile telecoms provider), we share your Spotify username or other User Data as necessary to enable your account. We may also share personal data with that third party about your use of the Spotify Service, such as whether and to what extent you have used the offer, activated a Spotify account, or actively used the Spotify Service.
6. Data retention (procedure for and method of deleting personal data)
It’s your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on ‘Erasure’ in
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more information. If you close or request that we close your account, we'll delete or anonymise your personal data so it no longer identifies you, unless we're required to keep something or we still need to use it for a legally justifiable reason.
Your personal data will be retained until you close your account or the purpose of collecting and using your personal data is achieved; provided, however, that the retention period is subject to the relevant laws. Here are some examples of situations where we're legally allowed or required to keep some of your personal data (in such cases, we will transfer the relevant data to a separate database or storage place):
if there's an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit or unresolved claim or dispute
for our user safety, legal, tax, audit and accounting obligations
where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain security.
The process and method of destruction are as follows
(1) Destruction process
Once the purpose is achieved, user's personal data is moved to a separate database and is destroyed after storage for a certain period depending on data protection reasons under our internal policy and other applicable laws and regulations
(2) Destruction method
We delete personal data stored in the form of electronic files by using technical means which makes it impossible to restore the data. We destroy your personal data through de-identification so that the individuals cannot be identified.
Note that if you had a Premium account and become dormant for one year, we may contact you to give you the option of converting your account to a Free account or close your account.
7. Transfer to other countries & entrustment
When carrying out the activities described in this Policy, Spotify shares your personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners. They may process your data in South Korea and outside of it. Your personal data, therefore, may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country.
In such instances Spotify shall ensure that the transfer of your personal data is carried out in accordance with applicable privacy laws and, in particular, that appropriate contractual, technical, and organisational measures are in place in order to protect your data including by way of restricting re-entrustment, and managing and overseeing the entrusted processors. You can find out more about where your data is processed at
this link
.
Information on provision of your personal data is set out under
Section 5
above.
8. Keeping your personal data safe
We’re committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure.
We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies.
To protect your user account, we encourage you to:
use a strong password which you
only
use for your Spotify account
never share your password with anyone
limit access to your computer and browser
log out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared device
read more detail on
protecting your account
You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the ‘Sign out everywhere’ function on
your account page
.
If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, someone might use your account on a shared device.
It’s your responsibility to only allow this to happen if you’re comfortable sharing your personal data with them. Anyone else’s use of your Spotify account may impact your personalised recommendations.
9. Children
Note: This Policy doesn't apply to
Managed Accounts
or
Spotify Kids
except where those respective privacy notices say so.
The Spotify Service (outside of Managed Accounts or Spotify Kids) that is tied to this privacy policy has a minimum age limit in each country or region (the “Age Limit”).
If you're under the Age Limit, do not create or use the standard Spotify Service. Instead, we recommend asking a parent or guardian to create a Managed Account for you, where available. If you are above the Age Limit but under the age of majority in your country (a “Minor”), you may use the Spotify Service only with the consent of your parent or legal guardian.
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit outside of Managed Accounts or Spotify Kids. If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your child, who is under the applicable Age Limit, has provided personal data to Spotify in any other context,
contact us
. If we learn that we’ve collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we'll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child.
When using a shared device on the Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to Minors.
10. Third-Party Links
The Spotify Service may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on such links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. These third-party services operate under their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing your personal data. Spotify does not control these third-party websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.
11. Changes to this Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.
When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email (to the email address provided at registration or as updated in your account settings) or device notification.
12. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Office of the Data Protection Officer through any of the following ways:
Department: Office of the Data Protection Officer
email
privacy@spotify.com
write to us at: Office of the Data Protection Officer, Spotify AB, Regeringsgatan 19, 111 53 Stockholm, Sweden, Attn: Data Protection Officer
Spotify AB is the data controller, as defined under the GDPR, of personal data processed under this Policy.
For users in South Korea, Spotify's Korean Domestic Representative is as follows:
Domestic Representative under Article 31-2 of the Personal Information Protection Act (For inquiries relating to personal data processing and data subject rights)
Name and Representative: Spotify Korea Ltd
Address: 18th Floor, 373, Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
Telephone: +82 2 3016 8744
Email: privacy.kr@spotify.com
Domestic Representative under Article 32-5 of the Information and Communications Network Act (For inquiries relating to information and communications services)
Name and Representative: D&A LLC, Kyu Chul Lee
Telephone: +82 2 3016 8744
Email: privacyspotify@draju.com
Address: 13
th
Floor, Donghun Tower, 317 Teheran ro, Gangnam gu, Seoul, South Korea 06151
For general customer service queries not related to personal data processing, please contact our Customer Service.
© Spotify AB
See previous versions of this policy published
2 April 2026
9 October 2024
2 May 2024
8 June 2023
26 November 2021
1 February 2021
Spotify - Home
Company
About
Jobs
For the Record
Communities
For Artists
Developers
Advertising
Investors
Vendors
Useful links
Support
Web Player
Free Mobile App
Import your music
Spotify Plans
Premium Individual
Premium Duo
Premium Student
South Korea (English)
Legal
Safety & Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
About Ads
Accessibility
© 2026 Spotify AB